1)Fetch the employee number, first name and last name of those employees who are working as Sales Rep reporting to employee with employeenumber 1102 
2)Show the unique productline values containing the word cars at the end from the products table.
3)Using a CASE statement, segment customers into three categories based on their country
4)Using the OrderDetails table, identify the top 10 products (by productCode) with the highest total order quantity across all orders.
5)Company wants to analyse payment frequency by month. Extract the month name from the payment date to count the total number of payments 
for each month and include only those months with a payment count exceeding 20. Sort the results by total number of payments in descending order.
6)Create a new database named and Customers_Orders and add the following tables as per the description
Create a table named Customers to store customer information. Include the following columns:
customer_id: This should be an integer set as the PRIMARY KEY and AUTO_INCREMENT.
first_name: This should be a VARCHAR(50) to store the customer's first name.
last_name: This should be a VARCHAR(50) to store the customer's last name.
email: This should be a VARCHAR(255) set as UNIQUE to ensure no duplicate email addresses exist.
phone_number: This can be a VARCHAR(20) to allow for different phone number formats.
Add a NOT NULL constraint to the first_name and last_name columns to ensure they always have a value.
7)Create a table named Orders to store information about customer orders. Include the following columns:
8)List the top 5 countries (by order count) that Classic Models ships to
9). Create a table project with below fields.
●	EmployeeID : integer set as the PRIMARY KEY and AUTO_INCREMENT.
●	FullName: varchar(50) with no null values
●	Gender : Values should be only ‘Male’  or ‘Female’
●	ManagerID: integer 
10). Create table facility. Add the below fields into it.
●	Facility_ID
●	Name
●	State
●	Country
i) Alter the table by adding the primary key and auto increment to Facility_ID column.
ii) Add a new column city after name with data type as varchar which should not accept any null values.
11). Create a view named product_category_sales that provides insights into sales performance by product category. This view should include the following information:
productLine: The category name of the product (from the ProductLines table).
total_sales: The total revenue generated by products within that category (calculated by summing the orderDetails.quantity * orderDetails.priceEach for each product in the category).
number_of_orders: The total number of orders containing products from that category.
12)Create a stored procedure Get_country_payments which takes in year and country as inputs and gives year wise, country wise total amount as an output. 
Format the total amount to nearest thousand unit (K)
13)Using customers and orders tables, rank the customers based on their order frequency
14)Calculate year wise, month name wise count of orders and year over year (YoY) percentage change. Format the YoY values in no decimals and show in % sign.
15)Find out how many product lines are there for which the buy price value is greater than the average of buy price value. Show the output as product line and its count.
16)Create the table Emp_EH. Below are its fields.
●	EmpID (Primary Key)
●	EmpName
●	EmailAddress
Create a procedure to accept the values for the columns in Emp_EH. Handle the error using exception handling concept. Show the message as “Error occurred” in case of anything wrong.
17)Create the table Emp_BIT. Add below fields in it.
●	Name
●	Occupation
●	Working_date
●	Working_hours
Insert the data as shown in below query.
INSERT INTO Emp_BIT VALUES
('Robin', 'Scientist', '2020-10-04', 12),  
('Warner', 'Engineer', '2020-10-04', 10),  
('Peter', 'Actor', '2020-10-04', 13),  
('Marco', 'Doctor', '2020-10-04', 14),  
('Brayden', 'Teacher', '2020-10-04', 12),  
('Antonio', 'Business', '2020-10-04', 11);  
 Create before insert trigger to make sure any new value of Working_hours, if it is negative, then it should be inserted as positive.

